seven free apps that will help you write
content faster
look if there's one thing that's worth
being great at in marketing it's writing
content whether you're focused on
getting organic traffic through google
or social media or even writing copy for
your ads creating content is one of the
best skills that you can have as a
marketer entrepreneur
there's just not a moment when your
business won't need content from your
home page to blog posts to marketing
material everything needs content
every time you communicate with your
audience it's through content but here's
a problem writing content it can take a
lot of your time not only that no matter
how much time you spend on writing
content if you don't know what you're
doing it won't work for your marketing
it's like writing those blog posts and
then no one reads them that sucks
so
there should be some sort of tool to
help you in that process right 100
agreed today i'm going to walk you
through a few tools that will help you
write content better faster and more
efficiently if this is your first time
you probably haven't seen much content
that i put out every day on youtube
alone i post 12 videos per month on
instagram on average of five posts a
week and i'm not even counting stories
the same with tick tock where i'll post
an average of five posts a week and on
facebook i'll post all my video content
and anything that i'm publishing on my
blog that i want to promote which is an
average of one social media post per day
on my blog as i record this video there
have been 11 new blog posts whether it's
new content or content that i'm
translating or most of my team into
other languages i really only speak
english
on linkedin i post an average of five
content pieces per week on twitter i
don't post too much but an average of
two posts per week and podcasting one a
day that's 30 a month so in any given
month i can be posting roughly 140
content pieces on different platforms
i'm at
if i had to do it alone it would be
almost impossible i have a team to help
me out and we work together to come up
with content ideas they'll help me
structure my content in ways that are
engaging entertaining they even do a lot
of research for me so that way when i
write my blog post typically on a
saturday i can crank them out within a
few hours that way i don't need to be
constantly in production mode now i know
you're probably thinking i don't have a
team neil what can i do to generate
content well let's go over a few tools
that'll be like your team that'll help
you with your content creation first off
hyperwrite hyperwrite will basically
take a basic idea that you type into
their platform and create entire
paragraphs of sentences of written
content about it it's basically ai for
content and when you're out of ideas
you're staring at a blank screen this
could be a huge help they even have a
chrome extension that's integrated into
google docs which will allow you to get
ai suggestions directly as you write
content
next you got quillbot.com
so this tool will take whatever you
input and rewrite it in finding the
perfect language and tone and style
think of it as like william shakespeare
modifying your content and making it you
know smooth and you know amazing this is
especially useful when you feel like
you've written a sentence that just
doesn't sound natural or it's hard to
understand then you got phrase.io if
you've been writing content for long
enough you know that in order to compete
against the top-ranked pages you need to
create not just equivalent content but
better content that means you need to
study them in the first place so that
way you can understand what they're
doing the topics they're covering how
long their pieces are how they structure
and what you need to do better and
phrase.io has automated this process it
makes it easy for you to get all the
details you need about the competitive
landscape it'll also help you build
content outline that'll guide your
writing efforts which makes things so
much faster then you got grammarly
self-explanatory
fixes the errors especially for people
like me
now with content ideas
uber suggests i love this tool because
i created it it's on my site technically
i bought it from someone and then i
spent millions into making it better but
you get the point based on the keyword
that you want to target it'll help you
find pages tell you what's gaining
traction on social media and give you
ideas of what you can write catchy
headlines what's click worthy what's
getting a lot of links what's going
viral
another tool that i love the hemingway
editor it helps you write content that
is easier to read also check out one tab
when you're writing content you're
probably doing tons of research this
means that you'll probably have dozens
of tabs open in your browser one tab
helps you save all those tabs and
reference them back with a click of a
button